PAY-6182: Adapt docs to Payment Services drop-in V2 (#433)
commerce-docs/microsite-commerce-storefront: src/content/docs/dropins/payment-services/index.mdx

description: Learn about the features of the Payment Services drop-in component.
---

> The Payment Services drop-in component renders the credit card form and the apple pay button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Payment Services drop-in component renders the credit card form and the Apple pay button.
```

## Available containers

The Payment Services drop-in component provides two containers:

> - **Credit card container**: the [`CreditCard`](/dropins/payment-services/containers/credit-card) container renders a form that shoppers can enter their card details in to place an order using a credit or debit card.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Credit card container:** The `CreditCard` container renders a form where shoppers enter their card details to place an order with a credit or debit card.
```

Reviewer 2: @bdenham why did we remove the link from this entry?

> - **Apple pay container**: the [`ApplePay`](/dropins/payment-services/containers/apple-pay) container renders an Apple Pay button that shoppers can use on Apple devices to place an order using Apple Pay.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Apple Pay container:** The `ApplePay` container renders an Apple Pay button that shoppers on Apple devices can use to place an order.
```

Reviewer 2: @bdenham why did we remove the link from this entry?
